Release 40.0.0 (#1085)
MetaMask/core: packages/phishing-controller/CHANGELOG.md

## [Unreleased]

## [1.1.2]
### Fixed

> - Create a Set from `metamaskConfig.blocklist` in the `PhishingController`. Use a `Set` + `has` method instead of `includes` in array ([#1086](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1086))

Reviewer: Needs a newline to pass lint I believe.

Also here's a suggested re-wording to use a high-level description first, with the more technical one as a sub-bullet:
```suggestion
- Improve performance of phishing list update ([#1086](https://github.com/MetaMask/core/pull/1086))
  - We now use a `Set` + `has` method instead of the array `includes` method for detecting overlap between phishing lists after an update.

```

    All changes listed after this point were applied to this package following the monorepo conversion.

> 

Reviewer: Hmm, I would expect the linter to complain about this newline as well, but I'm not entirely sure

```suggestion
```
